hi well you guys know muse me Joe but
you know me this is outside this is my
neighborhood let me see that's my
mailbox all the way over there you can
see pardon my house and a little light
over here but that's not why i'm doing
this video outside today for oh that's
my neighbor's house by the way yeah you
see around here as trees cuz i live in
the woods basically I've got it but
anyways this is why my new car I'm not
going to show you the license plate
because it's right there but the won't
let me go on this way first this is a
pontiac grand prix GTP supercharged
engine oh it's like um i think the guy
said oh but i looked up online it was a
pontiac grand prix GTP with a three
point or no third 308 hundred
supercharged engine something like that
I don't don't ask me but anyways this is
my car it's pretty nice i guess i guess
GTP says supercharged i don't know if
you can really see it
so that's the back of it with the little
Pontiac right there like the rim all
right I don't know they're okay I guess
what do you think you tell me and that's
the inside of my car it's very spacious
Mikey and the backseat very big um and I
have course my name on my little rugs or
mats down there um down there and this
is all my you know whatever stuff in the
car but anyways see this little guy
right here that when I turn it on at
night that's actually I have it so it
keeps not it stays on but at night when
I when I'm driving it stuff speedometer
I don't have to look at it on here
because this is a heads-up display and
it shines it on the there's projector
and that chimes let speed limit and the
radio stations and stuff on the
windshield it's pretty cool you know
steering wheel has like radio buttons on
it and that's pretty cool I guess that
that's my car so like I promised you
guys I made a video and almost got my
license plate there don't want you guys
see that and it has that like a dual
pipe type of thing then Pontiac right
there oh anyway well
that's my car but um yeah if anybody
wants to buy me a digital camera feel
free to please I need a digital camera
for myself so you know if you want to go
ahead get me one please anyways um I
guess I'm going to get fell back home
and hopefully try and upload this on
wall get on the computer first all right
bye guys